# Shopping-App
A "How to build a Canadian" shopping app.
My idea behind this shopping app was playing off of the stereotypes of a typical Canadian- that we wear toques, have maple syrup in everything, and play hockey. When designing the motion aspects of this app, I wanted to challenge myself and learn how to make the drip effect in more than one way. I used Figma for this entire wireframe and components, and was surprised by how well the animations worked! The first way I included the drip effect is in the drag-down bar, where when you pull the top bar down, it looks like you're pulling out the selected tab, a cool way to transform from one frame to the next. For the next drip effect, I wanted to include it in the checkout button. I made a drip-up/bubble-up effect from the home button so you can go to your shopping cart or check out when you click it. For this drip effect, I had difficulty keeping the eclipses sharp because when I left the frame over them (which would have removed the blur), the frame colour appeared on the component. The final motion aspect I added was a ballooning filled-up heart when you click the heart button, which then returns to the outline when selected again. When designing this app, I noticed myself playing around with the different components of the apps and software I use, learning what I like or think adds to the experience and what takes away from it. A fun, interactive animation within the app can add to the overall UX. Overall, I am proud of how I was able to include these components in my app, and I look forward to experimenting more with animations!
